Update AMO submission process docs (#1703)
mozilla/extension-workshop: src/content/documentation/publish/submitting-an-add-on.md

   Otherwise, you receive a message similar to this: <br/><br/> <img src="/assets/img/publish/errorsubmit.png" style="box-shadow:0px 0px 0.5em gray; height:50px; width:500px;" /> <br/>
   The message informs you of what failed. You'll not be able to continue. Address the issues and return to step 1.

5. Select the add-on's compatible platform(s).

6. Click **Continue**.

7. Select whether or not you need to provide your source code. <br/><br/> <img src="/assets/img/publish/Submit_add_on_source_code.png" style="box-shadow:0px 0px 0.5em gray;" />

>     If you do, select **Yes** and a new section will appear that describes what you will need to submit. Click **Browse** and locate and upload your source code package. See [Source code submission](/documentation/publish/source-code-submission/) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you select **Yes**, a section displays that describes what you need to submit. Click **Browse** and locate and upload your source code package. See [Source code submission](/documentation/publish/source-code-submission/) for more information.
```

>     If you do not, select **No**.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

8. Click **Continue**.
9. The Describe Add-on page displays. <br/><br/> <img src="/assets/img/publish/Submit_add_on_describe_add_on.png" style="box-shadow:0px 0px 0.5em gray;" alt="Submit an add-on page"/> <br/>
   Provide the following:
   - **Name:** your add-on's name.

>    - **Add-on URL:** the URL for your add-on on AMO. A URL will be automatically assigned based on your add-on's name, to change this, click Edit. Note: The URL must be unique, you'll be warned if another add-on is using your chosen URL and you'll have to enter a different one before you can set the URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Add-on URL:** the URL for your add-on on AMO. A URL will be automatically assigned based on your add-on's name, to change this, click **Edit**. Note: The URL must be unique, you'll be warned if another add-on is using your chosen URL and you'll have to enter a different one before you can set the URL.
```

   - **Summary:** a useful and descriptive short summary of your add-on.
   - **Description:** a longer description that provides users with a more detailed oveview of the extensin's features and functionality.
   - **This add-on is experimental:** your add-on is experimental or otherwise not ready for general use. The add-on will be listed but with reduced visibility. You can remove this flag when your add-on is ready for general use.
   - **This add-on requires payment, non-free services or software, or additional hardware:** indicate if your add-on requires users to make an additional purchase for it to work fully.
   - **Select up to 2 Firefox categories for this add-on:** select categories that describe your add-on.
   - **Select up to 2 Firefox for Android categories for this add-on:** select categories that describe your add-on.
   - **Support email** and **Support website:** an email address and website where users can get in touch when they have questions, issues, or compliments.

>    - **License:** select the appropriate license for your add-on. Click Details to learn more about each license.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **License:** select the appropriate license for your add-on. Click **Details** to learn more about each license.
```
